hello I'm robin attached cra 190 of guild
swim sun of souls tubs troupe in the
city ​​of astro position 6 - 19
the miners' market to enter
to the mine
turn to the left
and speak with expense now so that it gives us
a new mission this mission has been in
look for the lost years the others that
they left in search of data they have
surely lost the property of the
gallery of the area this plague of thousand and
sewer deals discover the map
the place of detention of the expedition
the other
we go down to the subway on the right
and we appear at position 5 - 17
Beware of shamans and rats
of bells that attack
we go to position 5 - 16 here to the
left
4 - 16 we are again careful not to
fight not to be attacked
we throw to the left
16 here we follow the path that we
force
3 - 17 we go to the left
3 - 18 and we continue straight
here for this change of suit
left
and we have already updated the mission in
Search of the lost years
beat a sick stone rat in
one worth fighting have in front
easy level 30
well, we take advantage
we kill her
and the mission is updated again
go see pirate will is here
I talk to you about life itself
sachet iron and manganese grace
without you we would have ended up being the
death of that giant rat I've never
seen a creature with such huge legs
we were patrolling in this
underground when we biches
they attacked we have not been stuck here
blocked by this monster but what
demons is happening in our bread
fried iron magnesium he was about
to die and you tell me about minerals
well mental minerals for a
miner there is nothing so beautiful like that
in the hands of a good alchemist
they turn into potions in the hands of a
sword smith turn into
parents and the entrance we will need
I tell you, the only thing I know is
that the council has asked us to
patrol masters for this has told us of
land must be more things than me
over all this there is no doubt possible and the
old legend will select us in everything
this issue
legends in the old time seems to be
that there was a good fight about the
tomorrow but I am a pure experience
strain I 've never seen anything that in
any case I know that something is being
plotting over there and that gives me very bad
thorn returns to see expense now she
knows what to do go see gas
dora
the mission is updated and we have to go
to see up to position 5 minus 18 as
we have come but the other way
backwards
3 - 18
down this little path
3 - 17
again down
3 - 16
this way
I brought him 4 - 16 we have here again
be careful all shamans
on the right
5 16 and we throw up
to get out of the deep underground of
star and now to exit the subway
of stars we climb the stairs
there is hunter waiting for us we speak
with her look there reinforcements come back
then you have triumphed and the brothers
but also although the poor are in
a sad state for the mashed bread
dallas will recover very soon they should
walk around the land you
you're also pale go to see your
divine the mandala shaman close the
dialogue and the mission is over in search of
the lost years we collect the beds and
the experience and we continue to enjoy
dofus see you later